OSDOCS-4693: Update firewall docs to allow MicroShift API (#53799)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-firewall-req-settings.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_networking/microshift-networking.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-required-settings_{context}"]
== Required firewall settings

> An IP address range for the cluster network must be enabled during firewall configuration. You can use the default values or customize the IP address range. If you choose to customize the cluster network IP address range from the default 10.42.0.0/16 setting, you must also use the same custom range in the firewall configuration.

Reviewer: s/ 10.42.0.0/16 / `10.42.0.0/16` (backticks)

.Firewall IP address settings
[cols="3",options="header"]
|===
|IP Range
|Firewall rule required
|Description

|10.42.0.0/16
|No
|Host network pod access to other pods

|169.254.169.1
|Yes
|Host network pod access to {product-title} API server
|===

The following are examples of commands for settings that are mandatory for firewall configuration:

.Example commands:

* Configure host network pod access to other pods:
+
[source, terminal]
----

> sudo firewall-cmd --permanent --zone=trusted --add-source=10.42.0.0/16

Reviewer: Missing $ in command

----

* Configure host network pod access to services backed by Host endpoints, such as the {product-title} API:
+
[source, terminal]
----

> sudo firewall-cmd --permanent --zone=trusted --add-source=169.254.169.1

Reviewer: Missing $ in command

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_networking/microshift-networking.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-required-settings_{context}"]
== Required firewall settings

> An IP address range for pods is a required part of the firewall configuration. You can use the default values or customize the IP address range. You must also configure pod access to the internal CoreDNS component. If you choose to customize the pod IP range from the default 10.42.0.0/16 setting, you must also make sure the custom range is part of the firewall configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The IP addresses from cluster network range is required to be enabled in firewall configuration. You can use the default values or customize the cluster network range. If you choose to customize the cluster network range from the default 10.42.0.0/16 setting, you must also make sure the custom range is used in the firewall configuration.
```
